Fix minor issues in devicelocation sample code (#50)
Telefonica/opengateway-developers-website: catalog/devicestatus/samplecode_devicestatus.md

### Backend flow

> The consumption of this api in a backend flow opens up many possibilities, from anti-fraud services such as bank transaction verification, logistics (for courier services or IoT), or even for travel applications, where it provides us with solutions and advice for cost savings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consumption of this API in a backend flow opens up many possibilities, from anti-fraud services such as bank transaction verification, logistics (for courier services or IoT), and even personalized campaigns by tourism operators.
```

### Frontend flow

> Although it is not necessary for the user’s device to participate in the flow for the device status, it is important to consider that the roaming status can be used as an additional authentication factor or for managing a subscription service in a way that content can be adjusted based on the country. It can also be used to automatically adjust schedules when there is a time zone change, for example, when taking medications where the number of hours elapsed is more important than the current time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While some use cases of the Device Status API do not involve the user’s device in the API usage flow, others can utilize the API to check roaming status directly from the frontend. For example, a mobile application could use it as an additional authentication factor or to adjust its content based on the user’s country.
```
